README.md, before:

# Stack Overflow - Simple Userscripts

**TOC**:

- [Remove RM flair](#remove-rm-flair)
- [Hide related links](#hide-related-links)
- [Hide homepage widgets](#hide-homepage-widgets)
- [Hide products button](#hide-products-button)
- [Sticky Vote](#sticky-vote)
- [Inline Edit for Discussions](#inline-edit-for-discussions)
- [Discussions Moderation Comments](#discussions-moderation-comments)
- [Chat Input Character Count](#chat-input-character-count) 

------

#### [Remove RM flair](https://stackapps.com/q/9710):

   Userscript to hide the recognized member text from the flairs

  ![](https://i.sstatic.net/PHRiQ.png) &#8594; ![](https://i.sstatic.net/RqSfv.png)


#### Hide related links: 

  This hides the related links to bump up the Hot Network questions.

#### [Hide homepage widgets](https://stackapps.com/q/10634): 

  Userscript to hide the newly introduced homepage widgets.

  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/itDQZlFj.png" style="width:700px;"/>

  &#8595;
  
  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/yNTwfk0w.png" style="width:700px;"/>

#### [Hide products button](https://stackapps.com/q/10695): 

  Removing the infamous "Products" button on the top nav bar; particularly helpful on mobile devices (you can install TamperMonkey on FireFox for Android).

#### Sticky Vote: 

  Makes the score and voting buttons for a post move with the viewport.

#### [Inline edit for Discussions](https://stackapps.com/q/10720):

  Adds an "inline edit" button beside the share button under each post and reply.

  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/TMQrEr0J.png" style="width:500px;"/>
  
  &#8595;
  
  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/196ZuhX3.png" style="width:600px;"/>
  
  &#8595;
  
  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/3GxTunBl.png" style="width:600px;"/>

#### [Discussions Moderation Comments](https://stackapps.com/q/10767): 

   Userscript to load a list of pre-compiled comments and replies for Discussions moderation and curation. Simply right-click in the reply area (markdown mode) to see the list of comments.

   <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/Hf9gIkOy.png" style="width:600px;"/>

#### Chat Input Character Count:

   A simple userscript to add a count for characters inputed into chat text area. This is particularly useful on mobile devices as there is no built-in functionality to warn you if you've exceeded the limit, except not being able to post your message.

   <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/287c7f53-cc5e-466b-abd9-48a42fa5fa0f" style="width:700px;"/>

Commit message:

Add an entry for Copy Code userscript

README.md, after:

# Stack Overflow - Simple Userscripts

**TOC**:

- [Remove RM flair](#remove-rm-flair)
- [Hide related links](#hide-related-links)
- [Hide homepage widgets](#hide-homepage-widgets)
- [Hide products button](#hide-products-button)
- [Sticky Vote](#sticky-vote)
- [Inline Edit for Discussions](#inline-edit-for-discussions)
- [Discussions Moderation Comments](#discussions-moderation-comments)
- [Chat Input Character Count](#chat-input-character-count)
- [Copy Code from StackExchange](#copy-code-from-stackexchange)

------

#### [Remove RM flair](https://stackapps.com/q/9710):

   Userscript to hide the recognized member text from the flairs

  ![](https://i.sstatic.net/PHRiQ.png) &#8594; ![](https://i.sstatic.net/RqSfv.png)


#### Hide related links: 

  This hides the related links to bump up the Hot Network questions.

#### [Hide homepage widgets](https://stackapps.com/q/10634): 

  Userscript to hide the newly introduced homepage widgets.

  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/itDQZlFj.png" style="width:700px;"/>

  &#8595;
  
  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/yNTwfk0w.png" style="width:700px;"/>

#### Hide products button: 

  Removing the infamous "Products" button on the top nav bar; particularly helpful on mobile devices (you can install TamperMonkey on FireFox for Android).

#### Sticky Vote: 

  Makes the score and voting buttons for a post move with the viewport.

#### [Inline edit for Discussions](https://stackapps.com/q/10720):

  Adds an "inline edit" button beside the share button under each post and reply.

  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/TMQrEr0J.png" style="width:500px;"/>
  
  &#8595;
  
  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/196ZuhX3.png" style="width:600px;"/>
  
  &#8595;
  
  <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/3GxTunBl.png" style="width:600px;"/>

#### [Discussions Moderation Comments](https://stackapps.com/q/10767): 

   Userscript to load a list of pre-compiled comments and replies for Discussions moderation and curation. Simply right-click in the reply area (markdown mode) to see the list of comments.

   <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/Hf9gIkOy.png" style="width:600px;"/>

#### Chat Input Character Count:

   A simple userscript to add a count for characters inputed into chat text area. This is particularly useful on mobile devices as there is no built-in functionality to warn you if you've exceeded the limit, except not being able to post your message.

   <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/287c7f53-cc5e-466b-abd9-48a42fa5fa0f" style="width:700px;"/>

#### [Copy Code from StackExchange](https://stackapps.com/q/10803):

   A userscript to add a copy button to code blocks on SE websites, to easily copy and paste code from questions and answers.

   <img src="https://i.sstatic.net/8Awl5gTK.gif" style="width:700px;"/>
